It had been a quiet night at the local bar so far, but then the door was
thrown open and an Interstate highway strode in. "I'm an Inter-state
highway," he declared. "I stretch from coast to coast and have at least
four lanes, shoulders, and a median almost my entire length. I have the
highest speed limit of any highway. I'm the best of the highways, and I'm
afraid of no highway and no road." He then strode up to the bar, ordered a
beer, and began drinking it, while looking around.

A short time later, a four-lane highway came in, went to the end of the
bar, and ordered a beer. The Interstate looked him over and walked over to
him. "I'm an interstate highway," he declared. "I stretch from coast to
coast and have at least four lanes, shoulders, and a median almost my
entire length. I have the highest speed limit of any highway. I'm the best
of the highways, and I'm not afraid of you."

The four-lane highway said "I agree that you're the best. I don't want any
trouble with you. Let me buy you a beer", and he did. They drank their
beers and discussed their engineering specifications.

After a half hour, the door opened again and a two-lane road came in, went
to the other end of the bar, and ordered a beer. The Interstate looked him
over and told the four-lane highway that he had to take care of the new
arrival. He walked over to the two-lane road and said "I'm an Interstate
highway. I stretch from coast to coast and have at least four lanes,
shoulders, and a median almost my entire length. I have the highest speed
limit of any highway. I'm the best of the highways, and I'm not afraid of
you."

The two-lane road quivered a bit and said "You're absolutely right. You are
the best of the highways. I'm just a lowly two-lane road. I don't want any
trouble. Can I buy beers for you and the four-lane highway?" The Interstate
motioned the four-lane highway to come over, the two-lane road bought beers
for each of them, and the three of them drank their beers and discussed the
merits of various paving materials.

After another half hour, the door opened again and a strip of asphalt about
eight feet wide came in. The Interstate highway ducked behind the bar and
hid there quivering quietly. The bartender was shocked.

After serving the asphalt strip, he walked over to where the Interstate was
hiding. "I watched you stand up to the four-lane highway and the two-lane
road. You said you weren't afraid of any highway or road. Why are you
hiding from that little asphalt strip?"

The Interstate replied quietly, "It's true that I'm not afraid of any
highway or road, but he's a cycle path." 

